Before we start running our examples, I wanted to point out a
couple of things. Currently, are ConferenceSecurityConfig is
not referencing JDBC anywhere, but our application.properties is.
So we have a data source defined here on these lines where we're
still trying to talk to JDBC MySQL. We have a password, all of
that information, our driver‑class‑name.
You can either comment these lines out using a pound sign, so we
can go through and comment them out, or you can make sure that
your Docker instance is up and running.
So your Docker instance may have gotten shut down If you restarted your
machine, had to reboot for whatever reason and update, or you just shut down
Docker because it was tying up resources. The reason I'm leaving these in
here is because in a future module here,
we are going to reference our database again when we
customize the userDetails object.
So even though our ConferenceSecurity isn't referencing anything right now,
our application.properties is. So now when we run this,
we'll go ahead and fire up that server, it will start up our
application, and it will switch over to our browser for us once it's
loaded, if you chose that option for it to do it. Now,
when we pull up our application, if we click Add Registration, just like before,
it'll take us to this Login page.
And when we enter in the correct credentials, we click
Login, it will go through and authentic us against LDAP. So
it really actually wasn't that bad.
We had to add some dependencies inside of here,
go to our ConferenceSecurity and add LDAP authentication inside of
here. Inside of our application.properties, we just added three lines
for our ldif, our base‑dn, and our port.
We ran the example of showing our password and how to get that encrypted.
And then, finally, the most complex part was our LDIF file,
which is rather large for this simple example.
But it's set up for all the things that we want, too, and we even had our
password entered in from running that unit test before.
So if you want to add yours in there,
you can change the UIDs throughout here to your name or add it
as a second entry and can then take and put in your own
password here instead of my password, which is just pass in this example, and run that example.